“If music be the food of love, play on.” – William Shakespeare
“Life seems to go on without effort when I am filled with music.” – George Eliot
“Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and life to everything.” – Plato
“After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.” – Aldous Huxley
“The music is not in the notes, but in the silence in between.” – Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
“Music, once admitted to the soul, becomes a sort of spirit and never dies.” – Edward Bulwer-Lytton
“When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest of times, and to the latest.” – Henry David Thoreau
“Music can name the unnameable and communicate the unknowable.” – Leonard Bernstein
“Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.” – Lao Tzu
“If you have to ask what jazz is, you’ll never know.” – Louis Armstrong
“Do it again on the next verse and people think you meant it.” – Chet Atkins
“Music is powerful. As people listen to it, they can be affected. They respond.” – Ray Charles
“Music — what a powerful instrument, what a mighty weapon!” – Maria August von Trapp
“Music is the strongest form of magic.” – Marilyn Manson
“Without music, life would be a mistake.” – Friedrich Nietzsche
“I merely took the energy it takes to pour and wrote some blues.” – Duke Ellington
“Where words leave off, music begins.” – Heinrich Heine
“I haven’t understood a bar of music in my life, but I have felt it.” – Igor Stravinsky
“My idea is that there is music in the air, music all around us; the world is full of it, and you simply take as much as you require.” – Edward Elgar
“You have to, take a deep breath. and allow the music to flow through you. Revel in it, allow yourself to awe. When you play allow the music to break your heart with its beauty.” – Kelly White
“I don’t sing because I’m happy; I’m happy because I sing.” – William James
“Music is your own experience, your thoughts, your wisdom. If you don’t live it, it won’t come out of your horn.” – Charlie Parker
“A painter paints pictures on canvas. But musicians paint their pictures on silence. ” – Leopold Stokowski
“Everything in the universe has a rhythm, everything dances.” – Maya Angelou
“Music is the moonlight in the gloomy night of life.” Jean Paul Friedrich Richter
“Music drives you. It wakes you up, it gets you pumping. And, at the end of the day, the correct tune will chill you down.” – Dimebag Darrell
“Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought.” Percy Bysshe Shelley
“I adore art… when I am alone with my notes, my heart pounds and the tears stream from my eyes, and my emotion and my joys are too much to bear.” – Guiseppe Verdi
“Mournful and yet grand is the destiny of the artist.” – Franz Liszt
“The musician is perhaps the most modest of animals, but he is also the proudest.” – Erik Satie
“There is music in the air, music all around us; the world is full of it, and you simply take as much as you require.” – Edward Elgar
“To send light into the darkness of men’s hearts – such is the duty of the artist.” – Robert Schumann
“A creative artist works on his next composition because he was not satisfied with his previous one.” – Dmitri Shostakovich
“I can’t understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I’m frightened of the old ones.” – John Cage
“As long as we live, there is never enough singing.” – Martin Luther
“Music comes to me more readily than words.” – Ludwig Van Beethoven
“The only love affair I have ever had was with music.” – Maurice Ravel
“Music brings a warm glow to my vision, thawing mind and muscle from their endless wintering.” – Haruki Murakami
“Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart.” – Pablo Casals
“Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without.” – Confucius
“Music is the universal language of mankind.” – Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
“Music is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music.” – Sergei Rachmaninoff
“Music is the only thing I’ve ever known that doesn’t have any rules at all.” – Josh Homme
“How is it that music can, without words, evoke our laughter, our fears, our highest aspirations?” Jane Swan
“Music expresses feeling and thought, without language; it was below and before speech, and it is above and beyond all words.” – Robert G. Ingersoll
“Works of art make rules; rules do not make works of art.” – Claude Debussy
“Wake up, live your life and sing the melody of your soul.” – Amit Ray
“The easiest way to avoid wrong notes is to never open your mouth and sing. What a mistake that would be.” – Pete Seeger
“Some days there won’t be a song in your heart. Sing anyway.” – Emory Austin
“Music is the tool to express life – and all that makes a difference.” – Herbie Hancock